README.md, before:

# # Expense Tracker

## # Getting Started with Create React App
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## # How to run this project
1. cd project_main_directory
2. npm install
3. npm start

## # Topics covered:
1. <b>Hello React - Basic overview</b> <br>
[![ReactJS Overview](https://img.youtube.com/vi/c_k9rb4EhQI/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_k9rb4EhQI)

<br>

2. <b>JSX and React Elements</b> <br>
[![JSX and React Elements](https://img.youtube.com/vi/zlFYriEFH-M/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlFYriEFH-M)

<br>

3. <b>React Components and Props</b> <br>
[![React Components and Props](https://img.youtube.com/vi/bULIrYTOEYQ/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bULIrYTOEYQ)

4. <b>React State and Form Handling</b> <br>
[![React Components and Props](https://img.youtube.com/vi/ejxtKJ58sw0/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejxtKJ58sw0)

## # Complete Playlist: 
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxxcsXH6p7bhV9DglLKg7DJMr_AK28x6c

## # Git Cheat Sheet
Source: Github Education
<object data="https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="700px" height="700px">
    <embed src="https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf">
        <p>This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: <a href="https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf">Download PDF</a>.</p>
    </embed>
</object>

Commit message:

session-9 useEffect and HTTP Calls in services

README.md, after:

# # Expense Tracker

## # Getting Started with Create React App
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## # How to run this project
1. cd project_main_directory
2. npm install
3. npm start

## # Topics covered:
1. <b>Hello React - Basic overview</b> <br>
[![ReactJS Overview](https://img.youtube.com/vi/c_k9rb4EhQI/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_k9rb4EhQI)

<br>

2. <b>JSX and React Elements</b> <br>
[![JSX and React Elements](https://img.youtube.com/vi/zlFYriEFH-M/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlFYriEFH-M)

<br>

3. <b>React Components and Props</b> <br>
[![React Components and Props](https://img.youtube.com/vi/bULIrYTOEYQ/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bULIrYTOEYQ)

4. <b>React State and Form Handling</b> <br>
[![React State and Form Handling](https://img.youtube.com/vi/ejxtKJ58sw0/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejxtKJ58sw0)

5. <b>React useEffect and HTTP Calls</b> <br>
[![React useEffect and HTTP Calls](https://img.youtube.com/vi/1RH2QZ-FUvs/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RH2QZ-FUvs)

## # Complete Playlist: 
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxxcsXH6p7bhV9DglLKg7DJMr_AK28x6c

## # Git Cheat Sheet
Source: Github Education
<object data="https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="700px" height="700px">
    <embed src="https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf">
        <p>This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: <a href="https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf">Download PDF</a>.</p>
    </embed>
</object>
